Remark about Microsoft.Data.SqlClient added (#28821)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/ado-net-code-examples.md

### SqlClient

> The code in this example assumes that you can connect to the `Northwind` sample database on Microsoft SQL Server. The code creates a <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand> to select rows from the Products table, adding a <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlParameter> to restrict the results to rows with a UnitPrice greater than the specified parameter value, in this case 5. The <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection> is opened inside a `using` block, which ensures that resources are closed and disposed when the code exits. The code executes the command by using a <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlDataReader>, and displays the results in the console window. On .NET Core you may want to use Microsoft.Data.SqlClient instead of System.Data.SqlClient (more about that in [introducing microsoft.sqlclient](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/introducing-the-new-microsoftdatasqlclient/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in this example assumes that you can connect to the `Northwind` sample database on Microsoft SQL Server. The code creates a <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand> to select rows from the Products table, adding a <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlParameter> to restrict the results to rows with a UnitPrice greater than the specified parameter value, in this case 5. The <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection> is opened inside a `using` block, which ensures that resources are closed and disposed when the code exits. The code executes the command by using a <xref:System.Data.SqlClient.SqlDataReader>, and displays the results in the console window. If you're using `System.Data.SqlClient`, you should consider upgrading to `Microsoft.Data.SqlClient` as it's where future investments and new feature developments are being made. For more information, see [Introducing the new Microsoft.Data.SqlClient](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/introducing-the-new-microsoftdatasqlclient).
```

```csharp
using System;
using System.Linq;

> using System.Data.Objects; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using System.Data.Objects;
```
